>> Brian: So go to your Details page,
>> Brian: And
we're gonna import
Carousel from ./Carousel.
>> Brian: And we're going to
put this on the detail page.
It's going to go, it's the first component
inside of .details, so right here.
Carousel, and just pass in media,
so media=media.
And we have to grab
that out of this.state.
>> Brian: So import Carousel at the top,
on line 27 grab media out of this.state.
And then, again, this is coming
from the API, if you remember.
And then here, on line 31,
be out of the Carousel component with
media=media that we got from the API.
>> Brian: And that should be enough,
now you should see a nice looking
Carousel when you go to your page.
So let's go take a look,
>> Brian: Aw, look at that pup.
And so now you can click on both of these,
right?
And it'll change which
image you're looking at.
>> Brian: I just wanna pet that dog,
that's all I wanna do right now.
>> Brian: Well, we have gotten
up to another Commit point here.
So we now have done add Details route, add
custom Babel config, and add the Carousel.
So if you're behind,
feel free to jump up to this Commit point.